fix: readme (#246)
ubiquity/pay.ubq.fi: README.md

# [pay.ubq.fi](https://pay.ubq.fi)

> A vanilla Typescript dapp for claiming Ubiquity task payments. It also includes tools for generating and invalidating permits and can be used to claim both ERC20 and ERC721 tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A vanilla Typescript dApp for claiming Ubiquity Rewards. It also includes tools for generating and invalidating permits and can be used to claim both ERC20 and ERC721 tokens.
```

## How to set up the local testing environment

Ensure you have installed [Foundry](https://book.getfoundry.sh/getting-started/installation) in order to use the helper scripts to setup the local testing environment.

Create a `.env` file in the project root:

> - These are the default test env settings that allow for easy E2E local setup using the yarn commands. If you want to produce or invalidate real onchain permits you must change the below values to reflect the real permit information such as address, chain id, private key and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- These are the suggested default test environment variables that allow for local setup using the supplied yarn commands. If you want to produce or invalidate real on-chain permits you must change the below values to reflect the real permit information such as address, chain ID, private key and so on.
```

```

## How to test locally

1. Set `.env` variables.
2. Run `yarn test:anvil` in terminal A and `yarn test:fund` in terminal B.
3. Use terminal B to then run `yarn start`.
4. A permit URL for both ERC20 and ERC721 is generated in the terminal.
5. Open the generated permit URL using the link in the console.
6. Connect your wallet. (This requires that you have imported the two anvil accounts [0] & [1] into your wallet.)
7. Either the claim or invalidate button should be visible depending on your connected account.
8. Testing the ERC721 permit is easiest deploying the `nft-rewards` contract from the [repository](https://github.com/ubiquity/nft-rewards)

- Importing the anvil accounts into your wallet:
  - Open your wallet provider and select `import wallet` or `import account`, something to that effect.
  - You can obtain the private keys by simply running the yarn command or just `anvil` and it will list the private keys for you.
  - Copy and paste into your wallet provider and you should now be able to interact with the locally generated permits.
  - Only account [0] can claim it and only account [1] can invalidate it.

## What to expect

#### Setup

> - Using the yarn command setup it's expected that you will have a local blockchain instance spun-up for you. It will be a local shallow copy of the Gnosis blockchain which will allow you to test the permit generation, claiming and invalidation features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Using the yarn command setup it's expected that you will have a local blockchain instance spun-up for you. It will be a local shallow copy of Gnosis Chain which will allow you to test the permit generation, claiming and invalidation features.
```
